foreign
hits the road is when things don't go as
planned and you have to figure it out
most of the time it's not what you
thought it was going to be
it's those hard moments when you do want
to throw in the towel where you make the
decision to go forward and that is a
step toward your success
I think every leader goes through that
whether they're willing to say it or not
the startup journey is really tough and
you need grit to survive all the crazy
ups and downs things go well and things
go poorly and things go well and there
have been so many failures all along the
way but they all just become inputs to
the right decisions
people think their happiness is around
the corner when they achieve a certain
outcome but if you do achieve that you
will just set a new goal for yourself
that's an even harder goal don't make
the mistake of working on something
you're not super passionate about when
you understand what your purpose is and
you understand what brings you Joy there
is no Finish Line
what am I missing why are we not growing
faster the danger is I'm never satisfied
you get there and you realize like
there's so much more to go how do I keep
growing how do they get bigger better
faster stronger I want to do it all I
can't to do it all
being an ally is not always like marches
and Banners a lot of time it's
disagreeing and standing up for what you
believe in no matter what everyone else
says that's hard it takes a lot of
Courage it takes a lot of grit
the toughness about that Journey was
just sticking to it
but don't wait to see how the Market's
gonna change right the world's changing
fast and so if you're not constantly
thinking about the nuances of the market
you're serving and how their needs are
changing you're going to be left behind
[Music]
foreign